Documentation of the inliner in the old optimizer. (#10929)
ethereum/solidity: docs/internals/optimiser.rst

    data[7] = 9;
    return 1;

> Since Solidity version 0.8.2, there is another optimizer step that replaces certain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple Inlining
---------------

Since Solidity version 0.8.2, there is another optimizer step that replaces certain
```

> jumps to blocks containing a specific pattern of instructions by a copy of these instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jumps to blocks containing "simple" instructions ending with a "jump" by a copy of these instructions.
```

> This corresponds to inlining of simple, small solidity functions. In particular, the sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This corresponds to inlining of simple, small Solidity or Yul functions. In particular, the sequence
```

``PUSHTAG(tag) JUMP`` may be replaced, whenever the ``JUMP`` is marked as jump "into" a
function and behind ``tag`` there is a basic block (as described above for the
"CommonSubexpressionEliminator") that ends in another ``JUMP`` which is marked as a jump
"out of" a function.
In particular, consider the following prototypical example of assembly generated for a

> call to an internal solidity function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call to an internal Solidity function:
```

.. code-block:: text

      tag_return
      tag_f
      jump      // in
    tag_return:
      ...opcodes after call to f...

    tag_f:
      ...body of function f...
      jump      // out

As long as the body of the function is a continuous basic block, the "Inliner" can replace ``tag_f jump`` by
the block at ``tag_f`` resulting in:

.. code-block:: text

      tag_return
      ...body of function f...
      jump
    tag_return:
      ...opcodes after call to f...

    tag_f:
      ...body of function f...
      jump      // out

> Now ideally, the other optimiser steps described above will result in the return tag being moved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now ideally, the other optimiser steps described above will result in the return tag push being moved
```

towards the remaining jump resulting in:

.. code-block:: text

      ...body of function f...
      tag_return
      jump
    tag_return:
      ...opcodes after call to f...

    tag_f:
      ...body of function f...
      jump      // out

In this situation the "PeepholeOptimizer" will remove the return jump. Ideally, all of this can be done
for all references to ``tag_f`` leaving it unused, s.t. it can be removed, yielding:

.. code-block:: text

      ...body of function f...
      ...opcodes after call to f...

So the call to function ``f`` is inlined and the original definition of ``f`` can be removed.

Inlining like this is attempted, whenever a heuristics suggests that inlining is cheaper over the lifetime of a
contract than not inlining. This heuristics depends on the size of the function body, the
number of other references to its tag (approximating the number of calls to the function) and

> the expected number of executions of the contract (which is given as global optimiser parameter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the expected number of executions of the contract (the global optimiser parameter "runs").
```
